Are you okay?
I'm worried.
You need more money.
It's your hope it will take care of us.
He always has.
We have enough.
Maybe enough today.
But what if you get sick?
Gloria's mother keeps badgering her meat to move up.
I can get a job at my uncle's real estate firm.
Maybe this is an answer to our prayers.
What about your pioneering?
What about it?
I can do both.
Gloria.
I must congratulate you on your hard work with my company.
But you must learn to keep your religion in its place.
We're neglecting family worship, study, service.
We've even become too busy or maybe too ashamed to even pray together.
I'm concerned about you.
One of the things that you always talk to me about was Matthew 624.
You cannot slay for God and for riches.
You're not the same person that I once knew.
Dad, where's mom?
She is coming, right?
Is it really wrong to try and improve our life?
Mom, mom, mom.
Remember the wife of God.